add docs about beta features (#582)
getsentry/responses: README.rst

     - Use ``responses.mock.assert_all_requests_are_fired``,
       ``responses.mock.passthru_prefixes``, ``responses.mock.target`` instead.

BETA Features
-------------

> Below you can find a list of BETA features. Although we will try to keep the API backwards compatible
> with released version, however, there may be some incompatible changes. Please share your feedback via
> `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/getsentry/responses/issues>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can find a list of BETA features. Although we will try to keep the API backwards compatible
with released version, we reserve the right to change these APIs before they are considered stable. Please share your feedback via
`GitHub Issues <https://github.com/getsentry/responses/issues>`_.
```
